hello everyone I hope you doing good
I've been tapped by du Bois idiot it's a
10-question tag and thank you so much
girl for telling me so here's the first
question what's your favorite color I
love blue it has always been the
favorite color of mine and I have many
clothes that are blue eyeshadow set of
blue you need a heavy if I could I would
paint this room blue is my favorite
color when did you get a when did you
start getting into makeup i started to
wear makeup when I was four me 19 20
years old that was like 10 years ago so
yeah
he was so interested in makeup and I got
myself a diploma eye makeup artistry
from the local beauty school cosmoprof
that was in 2005 agree yeah and I've
been into freelancing usually I do
makeup for rights and people who want to
wear casual make up for birthdays
engagements and danette dance in Suffolk
I love makeup do you have any pets is so
sure that well I don't have any bets now
but we used to have rabbits hamsters
dogs when I was living with my mom's
face because my husband is allergic to
animal fur so no chance of having pets
now you know even if I would want to
have one what's your favorite brand of
makeup well I don't particularly have a
favorite brain but I like mac Bobby prom
because these are the two companies that
I've seen in Singapore that offer shades
of foundation for women of color like me
so
yeah I also the quality is quite good so
I'm okay with the mac and bobbi brown
but I believe that there are many other
drugstore brand make up there are
equally good it's just that in Singapore
they do not keep their for the women
like me so I am open to new products
actually well have you always wanted to
go I've always wanted to go to Egypt and
if always been very fascinated by the
ancient Egypt history so I hope one day
I can visit the you know can mix and
Ramon I'll
yeah so next question what are your
favorite movies right now well currently
I like a vatta Sherlock Holmes and I
think those are the only two movies that
right now I'm quite particularly comes
the movie has to have good quality good
actors and good script so I think about
that seems to be quite good because of
that it brings you to a different world
you know fantasy worlds kind of mine you
very colorful angrily okay next question
is the color of your hair right now your
natural color no it's not I have dark
brown clothes black hair that's my
natural but currently I have chocolatey
brown colored hair I left the army so I
needed to celebrate my freedom so I
collect my hair last December so mix how
do you usually wear your hair every day
well I usually
let it go if i'm in class oh I'm just
going out to supermarket grocery so just
you know window shopping stuff like that
I usually let it down but when I'm
riding the bike then I will have to tie
my little pony tail like this so next
question do you wear makeup everyday no
I don't I be in letting the skin breathe
so usually weekends I don't wear makeup
it's only during the days we taste that
I get to wear makeup and now that I'm
going to school I do wear makeup on a
daily basis as in one days to fridays
not on weekends we can serve i have to
go out with my husband or with anyone
else then that's when i get to where we
can if not
usually go barefaced I'm quite happy my
face I don't need to cover it up with
makeup not all the time do you know last
question what's your favorite eyeshadow
color combination I like gold with black
silver with black I think these are the
two colors that go quite well with my
skin tone especially the gold with black
gold black smokey eye perfecto I think
it goes very well with many of my
outfits and it complements my skin tone
so thank you so much boo boo aah idiot
for taking me I enjoy doing this ten
question death and I would like to thank
everyone else who wants to do it and
do ask me questions if you have any do
leave it in the comment box and I will
get back to you as soon as I can and
till next time you take care and I'll
see you soon my family's